error then to remove the offset i have
the integral action
the whole idea of this integral action
is to remove the offset
and to make sure that the stability
point is reached earlier the level
doesn't fluctuate too much
i have the derivative action also so
then when i have a pid controller
this wall is
opening of the value the resultant of
all these three actions
put together
so that is how
the controls are happening in the pid
controller
the processing of these controls can be
pneumatic electronic digital
and generally they can be used for
anything like controlling the level
controlling the pressure
controlling the temperature controlling
the speed
so the topic is much more than what we
are described here i recommend you to
please go to the link provided in the
description section to see
our idea we are regulations full video
on this topic which will be very
elaborate with great examples